Document Quay security on container images (#2163)
thoth-station/adviser: docs/source/security.rst

Security Scorecards used in Thoth are available
`in thoth-station/prescriptions repository <https://github.com/thoth-station/prescriptions/>`__.

Quay security scans of container image
######################################

Another source of security information is security data from Quay [#quay]_
security scanners. Quay scans container images for security vulnerabilities.
Information about vulnerabilities in container images is automatically
aggregated by Thoth's background data aggregation logic for container images
provided by Thoth team. By using these container images, users get fine-grained

> control on vulnerabilities present also on container image level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control on vulnerabilities present on the container image level in addition to their software stacks.
```
